Diverse Medical Team
ダイヴァースメディカルチーム

 
Vision
Fear not to improve the quality of life, no matter who you are, we are with you and you are treatable.

ビジョン
人種を超えて、あなたに寄り添い、あなたを見守る。
あなたの生活の向上のために。



 
1) Diverse Medical Team is an international humanitarian aid NGO, founded in Malaysia. It was established on  August 14, 2015.  Diverse Medical Team provides assistance to populations in distress, to victims of natural or man-made disasters and to victims of armed conflict. We do so irrespective of race, religion, creed or political convictions.

ダイヴァースメディカルチームは国際的な人道支援を目的とし、2015年8月14日にマレーシアで設立されたNGOです。
我々は、人種、宗教、思想を問わず、自然災害や、人為的な災害、武力衝突の被害に苦しむ人々を支援します。


2) Diverse Medical Team observes neutrality and impartiality in the name of universal medical ethics.  We observe the right to humanitarian assistance and claim full and unhindered freedom in the exercise of DMT’s functions.
DMTは医療倫理の下、中立と公平を守ります。
DMTは人道的支援の権利を守り、完全な自由のために働きかけます。


3) Members abide with the principals  of internal respect and respect for professional ethical codes and maintain complete independence from all political, economic or religious powers.
メンバーは


4) As volunteers, members understand the risks and dangers of the missions they carry out and make no claim for themselves or their assignments about any form of compensation other than that which the association might be able to afford them. 

ボランティアメンバーはリスクと危険を理解した上でミッションを遂行し、



We must discipline ourselves,  our attitude, to have an attitude of gratitude and unity in compassion so that we serve with joy and humane sincerity to others.  
 
5)Personal commitment,
 
Mission
 
1)Provide assistance to populations, in crisis and non-crisis places.
2) provide medical knowledge and disease prevention awareness
 
 
 
Our Value core,
1) serve with joy and compassion
2) motivated and passionate work ethic
3) rejects the idea that poor countries deserve third-rate medical services and strives to provide high-quality care to patients
4) priority medical care to those in the most serious and immediate danger
 
 
Accountability
1) Everyone is important and counts, we value all staff from doctor to cleaner, our volunteers , sponsors, donors, each play a unique role to shape World Medical Team. 
2) Sustainable reporting is a key tool to help organizations demonstrate transparency and credibility, in both the for-profit and non-profit sectors.  
3) need to be open about our goals and ambitions
4) a unified approach of ethical work behaviour and development of ideas to advance WMT
5) no corruption is tolerated